she told me she afraid of heights I told
her baby girl you afraid of life she
asked me if I'm staying in the sky but
how could I be when i am back why and
yes I'm that guy the one next door with
the fast rods and yo I can see it in
your eyes you don't want to hear me say
goodbye I'll take you
it comes tumbling down
could this happen uh-huh you guessed it
my jaw dropped when I finally got your
message women but the beginning at the
show run DMC and do a scene with jay-z
and that the war we started speaking
used to hang out from the am gonna be
morning afternoon evening it was banging
your boat asleep that I was me in just
you're breathing now tell me what's the
real little movido
Wiz almighty Sherlock tones final
frontier and guess who's here Wiz is
ahead of his time and light here he's
clear I'm in the sky like the man in the
moon you gotta stay fly from the womb to
the tomb and you know life's a wish cuz
she rides on the room up and right now I
got my height lunacy you can get with
this war listen to the rumors I guess
that's why stop listening to humans I'm
not a spaceman yeah I'm talking NASA on
top of the world pass make it hard to
breathe for a hater course I clear
sunglass made of plasma shorties fast
slow down you're moving to NASA but I
got a pool only good as my past one
missing to the cabin can't you see
Belfast and all she wanna know is there
we go and we can win out of space
our space we go in out of space come in
summer spaceship on another episode I
hate this game say shit base we go in
that space we goin out of space come in
summer spaceship on another level so
that haters can't say shit she said I'm
out of this world space suits now how we
getting out of them girl